<html>

<pre>
We had a meeting of the Mercury group on Fri Oct 20, 3:15pm to 4:05pm.

Attendees:
	David Jeffery <dgj>
	David Overton <dmo>
	Mark Brown <dougl>
	Zoltan Somogyi <zs>
	Tyson Dowd <trd>
	Simon Taylor <stayl>
	Peter Stuckey <pjs>

1.  Progress reports.

	We went around the table, with each person in turn discussing what
	they had been working on recently and/or what they were planning
	to work on.

	Tyson Dowd <trd>
		- Working on implementing pragma foreign_decls

		- Worked on fixing the bugs in the IL backend

		- Organizing visitors

		- Working on trying to use MCORBA with ORBit instead of
		  omniORB (might simplify things significantly).

	Mark Brown <dougl>:
		- Has been working on supporting new options for
		  browsers and refactoring the code around this.
		  This include some support for temporarily overriding
		  preferences.

		- Has been working on a programming pearl

	David Overton <dmo>:
		- Working on fixing bugs caused/uncovered by the
		  polymorphic modes change
		- Working on a new builtin inst for arrays
		- Still working on new mode-checker, fixed a bug in
		  stage 1

	Simon Taylor <stayl>
		- Working on getting aditi to call Mercury

	David Jeffery <dgj>:
		- Has been working on a paper on existential types (with fjh).

Minutes taken by Tyson Dowd <trd@cs.mu.oz.au>.
</pre>
</html>
