
<html>

<pre>
We had a meeting of the Mercury group on Fri May 4, 2001,
from 3.15pm to 4.15.

Attendees:
	Zoltan Somogyi (zs)
	Mark Brown (dougl)
	Simon Taylor (stayl)
	David Overton (dmo)
	Fergus Henderson (fjh)

Progress reports

	We went around the table, with each person in turn discussing what
	they had been working on recently and/or what they were planning
	to work on.

	Zoltan Somogyi (zs):
		- Has posted a diff of the deep profiler for review.
		  Tom Conway and Simon Taylor will review it.

		- Asked about how to check for the existence of a web
		  server and how to determine installation directory
		  for CGI programs during installation.
		  	- For Linux we should follow the FSH standard
			  for directories.
			- For Red Hat and Debian packages we should
			  add dependencies on a web browser.  For
			  Debian this should be "recommended" rather
			  than "required".  It was unknown whether RPM
			  supports "recommended" dependencies or
			  something similar.

	Mark Brown (dougl):
		- Has been doing more work on the search strategy in
		  the declarative debugger.
		- Has been trying to compile the Mercury compiler
		  using MSVC.  Ran into some problems with '-l' flag
		  not supported by MSVC.  Will update the relevant
		  README file to describe how to get it working.
		- Has started writing up a report on using the
		  declarative debugger to debug the ICFP competition
		  entry.

	Simon Taylor (stayl):
		- Has been working on smart recompilation.
		- Has fixed a few bugs.

	David Overton (dmo):
		- Has been working on factoring implication
		  constraints out of ROBDDs.  This will remove all
		  2-sat constraints from the ROBDDs which are most of
		  the constraints needed for mode checking.  This
		  should greatly reduce the size of the ROBDDs which
		  have been suffering from an exponential explosion,
		  thus reducing the overall time and memory use for
		  mode checking.

	Fergus Henderson (fjh):
		- Has been doing bug squishing in the RTTI for
		  existential types.

		- Has been looking at the .net namespace question.


Minutes taken by David Overton (dmo@cs.mu.oz.au).
</pre>
</html>
